# Scribe
A tool to generate code from Sketch designs

## Installation
1. `npm install -g skpm`
2. `npm install`
3.  In the project directory, copy `config.js.template` to `config.js` and set the `projectRoot`.
4. `npm run watch`

For more, read [Using skpm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/skpm)

## How to use
1. Open a Sketch file.
2. In Sketch, go to `Plugin -> Scribe -> Generate Component`.
3. All component files will be generated in the project directory's `public/components` folder. To preview the components, run `npm run serve` in a separate terminal window and browse to `localhost:3000`.

## Sketch Rules
Scribe uses the following naming conventions to process specific Sketch layers:
- `SCBackground`: Specifies that a rectangle is the background of the component
- `.svg`: If a single shape or a layer group has an extension of `.svg` (e.g. `SomeShapeGroup.svg`), the tool will generate the image
- `SCList`: Use to denote a list. A name can be given to a list by wrapping the list inside of a group. Items inside `SCList` should only be groups named with a prefix of `SCRow`. Anything else will be ignored.
- `SCRow`: Used to denote a row inside a list. You can give the row a name by appending it like `SCRow_myRow`. The position of the row inside the list determines the index of the row.

Shapes that don’t follow the rules above will be ignored.

In addition, anything that’s prefixed with a double underscore (e.g. `__ignoreBg`) will be ignored.

## Development
During development, you'll want to communicate with Sketch APIs. Since Sketch is an Objective-c app, we can retrieve header files for all of their classes. Use this as reference to find the APIs that you need. [Sketch class-dump](https://github.com/dle-coursera/sketch-class-dump).

Any class that as a `MS` prefix is a Sketch object ex. `MSArtboard`. Any object that's prefixed as `NS` and `CG` are Apple objects. Ex. `NSDocument` and `CGRect`. Google Apple classes to find relevant documentation for them.

To view output for debugging, open the system console by going to `Applications -> Utilities -> Console` and observe the logs generated by Sketch.
